So hello judges, this is team DDoxers and this is our project. What we have built over here is SmartRoute, an autonomous logistics optimization engine. 

There are not many people who know how to program complicated algorithms to optimize routing for their fleets and balancing weight load. 

Everybody could make a list of orders, but nobody knows how to get through them and what is the most optimal way to deliver it without spending unnecessary money on fuels and CO2 emissions.

This is what we do. We save you from any kind of overhead and give you the optimized routes on a map after putting your order data or describing your dispatching instructions in English.

Now let us go through some of our cool features before starting optimizing our routes.

Let’s start with the beautiful landing page that we made. It's a black-and-white minimalist approach to our utility for a high-impact hackathon. Now let’s log into our console.

Here it is. This is our control deck where we have the role switcher which allows judges to instantly switch between three different roles: Fleet Dispatcher, Logistics Manager, and System Admin.

For instance, as a Fleet Dispatcher, you can choose any car in the sidebar of the fleet list, and the active trajectory will be shown immediately. 

It's also possible to locally input the weather and traffic noise variables for calculating ML-based delay changes without relying on APIs. 

Once you prepare the trip, you can send the stop manifest to the driver's device through WhatsApp with just one click. 

Alternatively, you can use our AI chat console to give commands in natural language. Let's say you want to add an order by Client F using coordinates. 

In Logistics Manager mode, you receive precise metrics related to fuel efficiency and CO2 reduction against the background of unoptimized deliveries. 

Pricing factors and capacity statistics can be tuned manually with sliders by managers.
 
Finally, we've developed an agent-based disruption simulation. 

Setting up the malfunction event automatically triggers the autonomous multi-agent optimization process that re-routes all orders instantly. 

Lastly, we have prepared a special System Admin interface displaying registered users' names along with diagnostic database reset tools. 

There's also a Driver Console available. Drivers can pick a vehicle, check the path, simulate the GPS route, and mark all stops as completed.

So this was our project for FAR AWAY 2026, and I hope that the judges liked it. Thank you.